In this session, we will look at routing issue, our first voting issue, which is basically our routing
configuration in our planes.
It is pretty complex.
And if you look at this, it looks like this.
So whether it is the application line for our services, it needs to know which service is running on
which host and which port.
And for that matter, even a single page application needs to know the similar information.
The only difference between web application and not a single page application is single.
Page application will actually need to know external IP addresses or the DNS names, which can be called
externally.
So there will be a difference over here.
We can't use the same names.
I just use the same names for convenience sake.
Now the other problem is, let's say, if we decide to convert a single page application into a mobile
application and that mobile application has a certain configuration for our services and later on,
we change that configuration.
Now that will mean that we'll have to change our better mobile application for all our clients.
So there is something which is not good.
So we should actually take away this configuration from clients to some other place where we can manage
its complexity so our clients should not be exposed to service routing complexity.
So the way we achieve that is by using a gateway service.
So we use a gateway service in between, and this gateway service can rout all declined requests by
looking at the URL.
It can routing requests to the right service, then we can reduce the complexity of our clients in terms
of service routing configuration.
So the configuration will look like this.
It will become very simple that the mobile application or the single page application needs to not only
about the gateway service.
And this is something that we will not change very frequently that what is the host and port information
for our gateway service?
The similar thing goes even for web application.
OK, now let's see what are the different options or ways in which we can achieve this.
So one way of achieving this is by using a reverse proxy like Engine X. What it can do is we can configure
our engine service proxy, which are then you are on rules that let's say you are and says that the
request needs to be related to product service.
Then by looking at that, you are in Engine X can allow the request to product service.
So similarly, for all of the services.
So we can provide engine expert routing information and it can do the Gateway Service job.
However, our choice over here will be get worse service from Netflix or Netflix has a stack for microservices,
and it provides many other relevant products that will be useful for us.
Later on, we will see that so we can combine this cable service with those other products and that
way.
This will be a much better choice for us.
The other reasons for going for Netflix get the services that we have used is spring cloud framework
for making our.
RESTful services, so these services that are there, they are using Spring Cloud Stack, which was
this being framework so we can easily create Netflix full service using Spring Cloud, so that that's
another reason.
Third reason would be that within this gateway service, Netflix rule will allow us to do more things.
So let's say if you want to do authentication for all these services at a central point, we can do
it over here.
Let's say we want to log our request and response is to get a centralized log of what requests are coming
to our services.
We can do that stuff in the Gateway service, call Netflix all, but those are the kind of things that
we will not be able to do in India next reverse proxy, because that will just to be routing job.
So for those reasons, Netflix Zone will be our choice for the Gateway service.
So the next thing that we will see is how we can implement this Netflix Zul service.
We will look at the code and then we will also look at our system.
How does it work?
How does it look like when we implement Netflix Gateway Service?